-------- GENERALES ---------

Designación de categorías: full length article	OK

Designar un corresponding author: dar email y dirección postal

Checklist:

1. Incluir archivos:
- Para manuscrito
  - Incluir keywords	OK
  - Figuras con epígrafes	OK
  - Tablas con títulos, descripción y notas al pie	OK
  - Indicar si es necesario el color para la versión impresa
- Abstracts gráficos / highlight files	OK
- Supplemental files	OK
2. Ortografía y gramática	OK
3. Revisar referencias	LOS NOMBRES DE LOS AUTORES SON INCONSISTENTES
4. Permisos de copyright obtenidos
5. A competing interests statement is provided, even if the authors have no competing interests to declare
6. Journal policies detailed in this guide have been reviewed	OK
7. Referee suggestions and contact details provided, based on journal requirements	OK

Contributors:
Each author is required to declare his or her individual contribution to the article: all authors must have materially participated in the research and/or article preparation, so roles for all authors should be described. The statement that all authors have approved the final article should be true and included in the disclosure.

Role of the funding source:
You are requested to identify who provided financial support for the conduct of the research and/or preparation of the article and to briefly describe the role of the sponsor(s), if any, in study design; in the collection, analysis and interpretation of data; in the writing of the report; and in the decision to submit the article for publication. If the funding source(s) had no such involvement then this should be stated.
"This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health [grant numbers xxxx, yyyy]; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Seattle, WA [grant number zzzz]; and the United States Institutes of Peace [grant number aaaa]."

Referees:
Please submit, with the manuscript, the names, addresses and e-mail addresses of 4 potential referees. Note that the editor retains the sole right to decide whether or not the suggested reviewers are used.

Portada:	OK
Afiliación indicada con letras en superíndices. Incluir email de autores y dirección postal de la afiliación.

Highlights:	OK
Highlights are mandatory for this journal. They consist of a short collection of bullet points that convey the core findings of the article and should be submitted in a separate editable file in the online submission system. Please use 'Highlights' in the file name and include 3 to 5 bullet points (maximum 85 characters, including spaces, per bullet point). You can view example Highlights on our information site.

Keywords:	OK
Immediately after the abstract, provide a maximum of 6 keywords, using American spelling and avoiding general and plural terms and multiple concepts (avoid, for example, 'and', 'of'). Be sparing with abbreviations: only abbreviations firmly established in the field may be eligible. These keywords will be used for indexing purposes.

Provide 4 - 6 keywords taken from the AGI GeoiRef Thesaurus and place them beneath the abstract

-------- FIGURAS ---------

Color: RGB

Tamaños:

Minimal size	30 mm (85 pt)
1 column	90 mm (255 pt)
1.5 column	140 mm (397 pt)
2 column	190 mm (539)


Resolución:

Halftone	300 DPI
Combination art	500 DPI
Line art	1000 DPI


Formatos:

Fotos (halftones/bitmap)	TIF, TIFF
Vectorial			EPS
Vectorial			PDF

